git-browse-ci: add page (#8500)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-browse-ci.md

# git browse-ci

> > Opens the current `git` repository's CI on websites such as Git.

Reviewer: Can we change this description a bit?
```suggestion
> Opens the current `git` repository's CI website in your default web browser.
```
Or 

```suggestion
> Opens the current `git` repository's CI on websites such as Git in your default web browser.
```
What do you guys think?

Author: _it should be GitHub anyway instead of Git_

I think the second option is best.

> > Opens the current `git` repository's CI website in the default web browser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Opens Git repository's CI website in the default web browser.
```

Author: I think this is less grammatically correct.

> > Opens the current `git` repository's CI website in the default web browser.

Author: ```suggestion
> Open the current `git` repository's CI website in the default web browser.
```

> Part of `git-extras`.
> More information: <https://github.com/tj/git-extras/blob/master/Commands.md#git-browse-ci>.

> - Open the current `git` repository's CI configuration on its upstream website:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Open the current Git repository's CI configuration on its upstream website:
```

> - Open the current `git` repository's CI configuration on its upstream website:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Open the current repository's CI configuration on its upstream website:
```

There is no need to mention that repo is a Git repo because command description highlights that just Git repos are handled.

`git browse-ci`

> - Opn the current `git` repository's CI configuration on its upstream website for a specific remote:

Author: ```suggestion
- Open the current `git` repository's CI configuration on its upstream website for a specific remote:
```

> - Open the current `git` repository's CI configuration on its upstream website for a specific remote:

Author: ```suggestion
- Opn the current `git` repository's CI configuration on its upstream website for a specific remote:
```

> - Open the current `git` repository's CI configuration on its upstream website for a specific remote:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Open the current Git repository's CI configuration on its upstream website for a specific remote:
```

> - Open the current `git` repository's CI configuration on its upstream website for a specific remote:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Open the current repository's CI configuration on its upstream website for a specific remote:
```

The same applies here. ;)
